hi I'm Moscow I'm from Moscow's kitchen
I will show you how to make noodle
noodles in the soup so it'll noodle is
made from wheat flour and water it's
kind of a thick and chewy texture of the
noodle so there are a few different
types of noodle I'm going to introduce
you so those are in a different package
or different forms so you will find how
to use for many different cuisine so
they are frozen and half boiled and a
dried noodles available so you cook so
you cooked noodle noodles in same way
but you will cook a different time
for example the dried noodle would be
longer than half boiled noodles or
frozen noodles so we're going to boil
the dried noodles in a boiling water you
follow the package instructions the
timing would be like 10 to 12 or 30
minutes so you cook the half boiled
noodles in the boiling water
about three minutes but it's um while
you're cooking you disentangled the
noodle ways using your chopsticks so I'm
going to boil the frozen noodle noodle
put in a boiling water the same process
to disentangled while you simmering or
just a while your boiling noodle noodle
and it won't take more than three
minutes just um when it becomes hot and
then strain the water after the udon
noodles are boiled you just start wash
under the cold water to stop cooking if
you don't use thread way to the cooking
so next step is going to be making a
dashi stock so the dashi stock is
already made but you can actually make
your own - he stopped from kombu and
Katsuobushi the bonito flakes so so kena
kombu
in the water half an hour and then
lettuce I just start with cold water and
they start bringing it to the boil then
when it's just before start boiling take
the convert out because Congo gets quite
slimy and a bitter flavor goes into the
water then you just pour the cuts over
here on the top of kombu dashi stock and
then you just simmer two minutes and
strain the dashi so that's how it's made
Pasi stock so bring in light soy sauce
and mirin and a little of salt and then
I'm going to bring it to the boil so now
I'm going to add cooked noodles in a
soup but are you actually you can add a
half cooked half boiled noodle or frozen
noodles in stock soup this is now ready
to serve so serve in a large bowl soup
bowl and then topping it will add on top
so here toppings
I prepared a carrot cut into flour kind
of shape you can use a cookie cutter
instead of them just a flower shape okay
so next to it we we aren't chives really
finely chopped and sesame sesame seeds
toasted sesame seeds and then also nori
strips so last one is the seven spices
it's called Jimmy so Japanese seven
spices are added include some ginger
dried ginger sesame black sesame and a
Chinese kind of pepper and mainly it has
red chili now it's ready to serve that's
how to make noodle noodles in soup